Update shep mboned.md (#6)
boucadair/WG-Charters: mboned.md

- Develop data models and other automation building blocks related
  to the operation of multicast services.
  

> Development of routing, forwarding and group membership protocols is out of scope. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development of routing protocols, data plane extensions, and group membership protocols is out of scope. 
```

Author: Curious.. Why "data-plane"? I was thinking of BIER when I wrote this, which is a new forwarding model. Data-plane seems less specific than forwarding. But, that also brings up IPV6 extensions. so I would suggested "forwarding-plane solutions and extensions"

Reviewer: Because that was how I interpreted "forwarding" (not specially bier, but any scheme that allows for kind of P2MP) :-)

Your proposed wording is also OK.
